# Questions and Lessons

<details>
<summary>Disclaimer</summary>
This is intended to be a collection of information gained throughout my first development project. This document is intended for personal use ONLY and should not be included in any distribution. Each topic should correlate with a commit.  
</details>

## Table of Contents
- [Initial Setup](#topic-1)
- [Importing PlanningSharedLib](#topic-2)
- [pom.xml](#topic-3)
- [barcode and config](#topic-4)

## Topics

<details id="topic-1">
<summary>Initial Setup</summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Objectives</summary>

- Remove old setup directory.
- Set basic architecture of new setup.  Spring MVC add directories for controller(ui) model(data) and view(templates).
- Remove default entry point generated by intellij.  add SetupApplication, application.properties
- Will allow intellij to populate my pom.xml as I add content
- create log for lessons learned and questions.  

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Q&A</summary>

**Q:** Delete entire old file from my working branch?   
**A:** My code must stand on its own and also to conflict with code that previously existed. I can still refer to the deprecated code from the source or git.

**Q:** DOMContentLoaded in javascript loads once the initial html document has been loaded but before stylesheets, images, and subframes, where does thymeleaf fit into this?
**A:** Assuming thymleaf will be loaded as the 'initial html' document.  


</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Lessons</summary>

- HTML/CSS/JS works in .md files? who knew.  I got 2 of 3 to work, JavaScript I still need help with...these may make document unreadable depending on the users .md editor. Features that render these seem to be behind paywalls? maybe a pdf would eventually be better.
- Old lesson but pay attention to what the ide is doing for you.  A lot of files seem to be completely automated, pom.xml is great example.  


</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Sources</summary>

- RC2-desktop>ReliefPlanning
- https://www.perplexity.ai/search/Create-a-md-Tj1jsEqrQPirTX.hzegxeA

</details>
</div>

</details>

**************************************************************************************

<details id="topic-2">
<summary>Importing PlanningSharedLib</summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Objectives</summary>

- Import elements from PlanningSharedLib that provide setup functionality.
- mainMenu working

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Observations</summary>

- moved all backend directories to 'setup>gointosharedlib' in order to use the existing code while not importing planningsharedlib.
- fragments are mostly dublicates between ReliefPlanning and HealthPlanning.  They will need to be modified to remove 'profile', sidebar, possibly more but will mostly be duplicated again here in setup.
- pom.xml file will need to be addressed next so that we can contact the server.
- At this point I still have not added a single line of code, I've only taken out snippets or renamed variables. 

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Q&A</summary>

**Q:** Is placing the 'borrowed' code from planningsharedlib into a temp dir like 'gointosharedlib' a good way to handle this? 

**Q:** We have maven, spring, spring boot, java, html/css/js, and thymeleaf.  Is that how I should describe the tech stack at this point?

**Q:** copied entire static folder from planningsharedlib, should I have made this a single commit without 
</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Lessons</summary>

- Import statements! By knowing what other portions of code a class interacts with gives lots of hints at to what it's doing.
- Intellij auto-populating my POM was somewhat successfullish. It seems like it was similar to SetupFun in a lot of ways. 

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Sources</summary>

- RC2-desktop>PlanningSharedLib
- RC2-desktop>ReliefPlanning

</details>
</div>

</details>

**************************************************************************************

<details id="topic-3">
<summary>pom.xml</summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Objectives</summary>

- Correct intellij's generated pom for setup to one that will function in rc2.

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Observations</summary>

- The properties tag that was generated by intellij was vastly different from the one we used in setupFun: Properties Tag, 
- auto-generated POM very different from useable POM.  I would think this should be easier to create during the creation of the project.
- mainMenu.html can be rendered.  Next step create html pages for barcode, config, clear and reset.
</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Q&A</summary>

**Q:** diff: mvn Clean + mvn install, rightclick(project) > maven > reload project?
**A:** mvnClean -> m2 cache(mavens cache source pom) reload project --> intellij's cache(currUsed pom), 

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Sources</summary>

- RC2-desktop>SetupFun
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50231736/applicationcontextexception-unable-to-start-servletwebserverapplicationcontext

</details>
</div>

</details>

**************************************************************************************

<details id="topic-4">
<summary>barcode and config</summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Objectives</summary>

- Create second level .html pages.
- Controller logic to catch up to setupFun
- JavaScript made for setup

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Observations</summary>

- By targeting /other/barcode endpoint in planningSharedLib otherController I can avoid the otherItemsMenu functionality not needed for setup, while still using pre-existing barcode generator logic.
- I needed to comment out planningSharedLib--> ui>other> in order for intellij to create the same objects from setup--> ui>other.  Why couldn't I select the reference I wanted? (intellij would see an autocomplete entry for setup but always default to planningSharedLib)
- Commented out js for authType and regMode, will add back correctly as next step. 
- implementation of barcode generator and config interface should be seperated.  

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Q&A</summary>

**Q:** Relief/Health Config ? parent->children : singleClass with module property?
**A:** Interface
**Q:** Currently set to implement barcode generator from planninghSharedLib -> any issues? still have setupfuns working barcode.
**A:** commented out issues! see observations.
**Q:** problem I'm trying to solve is that my reliefConfigController from setupFun was building a list, however I am unable to iterate through this list or perform the needed validation on the members of that list.  I tried inserting thymeleaf expressions and directly referencing the enums from shared lib which was also unsuccessful.
**A:** view must use strings, back end uses enums. this question is left to demonstrate how wrong that attempt was. 

</details>
</div>

</details>

**************************************************************************************

<details id="topic-4">
<summary>barcode and config</summary>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Objectives</summary>

- Implement config interface.

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Observations</summary>

- 

</details>
</div>

<div style="margin-left: 20px">
<details><summary>Q&A</summary>

**Q:** 

</details>
</div>

</details>

**************************************************************************************




<script>
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
    const tocLinks = document.querySelectorAll("a[href^='#']");
    tocLinks.forEach(link => {
        link.addEventListener("click", function(event)  {
            const targetId = this.getAttribute("href").substring(1);
            const targetElement = document.getElementById(targetId);
            if(targetElement){
                targetElement.setAttribute("open", "");
            }
        });
    });
});
</script>